GDPR requires that you specify exactly what you intend to do with each data point. Consider each data point that
you’re gathering from your users (Name, location, timestamp). Writing to a user, justify why each data point is
needed in an imaginary final version of your application: what eventual functionality might use the data?

Functionality that might use this data is also a reason to keep it around. If we want to create a user login system,
so that they can save their favorite routes on their login, knowing their name and information is important for account
security. If a user wanted to be able to track their friends, similar to the "Find my Friends" app on the iPhone or 
Snapmaps on Snapchat, knowing the location and timestamp of the previous request is necessary. Adding accounts with 
the ability to track friends is functionality that would require this information to be remotely successful.

Also, it is very important to be able to keep track of this information from the user for security purposes. 
Firstly, knowing the location is important for emergency situations. If a fire breaks out in a building on campus, 
it is incredibly beneficial to the fire department to know exactly how many people are in that building. Knowing the 
names of users is important for enforcing rules, such as defining pods to ensure adherence to Covid regulations. The 
timestamp of a request helps both of these functionalities, as it allows the real-time changing of information. It 
wouldn't be helpful to know that somebody was in the building at some arbitrary point in time if it's on fire.

-

Consider a more complex application that you’ve interacted with before (Facebook, Steam, MyAnimeList) - why might 
it be difficult to delete all of the data on a user? Consider factors unique to the application you've chosen; 
specifically those other than volume or size of data.

Steam is a very difficult platform on which to delete "all" of the data on a user. By itself, simply deleting 
an account is likely not enough-- it will not touch any mentions of you on other profiles. Your information 
can exist in comments and messages on other profiles that reference your username, profile, or data, and so 
will continue to exist even if your profile is deleted. Also, Steam is used as a platform on which to download 
games. Many of these games have cloud servers which record your game state and in-game statistics. Deleting 
your account likely will not touch this, and for people with libraries of hundreds of games, much of their 
information will likely be safely stored away in the cloud even if their profile no longer exists. For example, 
in a 5v5 game, the server will store the information of the game and its players for statistics. If a user 
deletes their data, the server would have to find that game, find that player, and delete all their information, 
which would ruin the statistics for that game, and for the other 9 players if they wanted to see it. In ways like this, 
where your information is saved in a non-accessible place to you, it is very difficult to delete all information on a user.


